Local deployment experience (#63)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: README.md

```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager.git
cd capella-collab-manager
```

Create a local K3D cluster and deploy the application

```
make create-cluster
MY_EMAIL=me@example.com make deploy
```

> Replace `me@example.com` with your e-mail address. An administrator account will be made for this user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `username` with a username. An administrator account will be made for this user. Make sure you log in with the username if you want to test the admin account.
```

According to the last comment, we should use `username` instead of the email here. Also, I added a note to make clean that you can use every username when using the oauth mock.
